0.  BMP - 16M, GIF - 256, JPEG - 16M, PNG - 16M 

1.  GIF supports animation.

2.  With lossless compression, every single bit of data that was originally in the file remains after the file is uncompressed. 
    All of the information is completely restored.
    On the other hand, lossy compression reduces a file by permanently eliminating certain information, especially redundant information. 
    When the file is uncompressed, only a part of the original information is still there.
    
3.  JPEG is lossy-compressed.

4.  When a file is deleted, the first character of the cluster is replaced by the of 4 hexadecimal digits are replaced with "0xe5" to signal deletion. 
    The rest of the data remains intact. 
    
5.  Instead of merely replacing the first character to signal deletion, 
    you could overwrite the entire file with randomized characters so that it is not recoverable.
    
6.  <stdint.h> is a header file located in the C standard Library which "allow programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs,"
    that narrow down specific typedefs in exact-integer types.
    
7.  These are predefined signed TYPES for specific number usage. 

8.  BYTE -> 8-bit, DWORD -> 32-bit, LONG -> 32-bit, WORD -> 16-bit

9.  Signature letters BM with hex value of 0x42, 0x4D.

10. bfSize is the bitmap file size in bytes and biSize is the header size which must be be at least 40 bytes.

11. A negative value for biHeight occurs when pixel data is ordered from the top-down.

12. The biBitCount field specifies the BMP's color depth.

13. 'fopen' may return NULL value when the file is too large and there is not enough space or the user is not authorized to create file.

14. The third argument to 'fread' takes in the size of the bitmapfile header and each bitmap image comes with only one header.

15. Padding gets a value of 1.

16. The fseek() function is used to change the file postion of the stream.

17. Used as an argument for fseek(); shows the position of the postion pointer.

18. Rick Astley
